Security Policy: r-security-group-ingress-mysql-access-replace-vpn-ip
Description: Ensure that security groups in VPC restrict inbound MySQL access from 0.0.0.0/0 and replace it with VPN IP.
Resource Type: Security Group

Security Policy: route53-domain-has-autorenew-enabled
Description: Ensure that AWS Route 53 domains have AutoRenew enabled.
Resource Type: Route 53 Domain

Security Policy: r-security-group-ingress-rdp-access-replace-vpn-ip
Description: Ensure that security groups in VPC restrict inbound RDP access from 0.0.0.0/0 and replace it with VPN IP.
Resource Type: Security Group

Security Policy: r-security-group-ingress-ftp20-access-replace-vpn-ip
Description: Ensure that security groups in VPC restrict inbound FTP20 access from 0.0.0.0/0 and replace it with VPN IP.
Resource Type: Security Group

Security Policy: r-security-group-ingress-ssh-access-replace-vpn-ip
Description: Ensure that security groups in VPC restrict inbound SSH access from 0.0.0.0/0 and replace it with VPN IP.
Resource Type: Security Group

Security Policy: a-vpn-tunnels-status-verify
Description: Ensure that both VPN tunnels provided by AWS Site-to-Site VPN are in the UP status.
Resource Type: AWS VPN Connection

Security Policy: r-security-group-ingress-ahsp-access-replace-vpn-ip
Description: Ensure that security groups in VPC restrict inbound AHSP access from 0.0.0.0/0 and replace it with VPN IP.
Resource Type: Security Group

Security Policy: r-security-group-ingress-all-tcp-access-replace-vpn-ip
Description: Ensure that security groups in VPC restrict inbound TCP access from 0.0.0.0/0 and replace it with VPN IP.
Resource Type: Security Group

Security Policy: r-security-group-ingress-all-udp-access-replace-vpn-ip
Description: Ensure that security groups in VPC restrict inbound UDP access from 0.0.0.0/0 and replace it with VPN IP.
Resource Type: Security Group

Security Policy: route53-reg-domain-has-transfer-lock
Description: Ensure that AWS Route 53 Registered domains have Transfer lock enabled.
Resource Type: Route 53 Domain

Security Policy: iam-access-key1-rotated-90-days-or-less
Description: Ensure that access key1 is rotated every 90 days or less.
Resource Type: IAM User

Security Policy: no-cmk-is-marked-for-deletion
Description: Ensure that CMK (Key Management Service) is not marked for deletion.
Resource Type: KMS Key

Security Policy: root-account-mfa-enabled-check
Description: Ensure that Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) is enabled for the root account.
Resource Type: AWS Account

Security Policy: cmk-use-external-key-material
Description: Ensure that CMK (Key Management Service) uses external key material.
Resource Type: KMS Key

Security Policy: aws-kms-key-rotation-is-enabled
Description: Ensure that rotation for customer-created CMKs (Key Management Service) is enabled.
Resource Type: AWS KMS Key

Security Policy: unencrypted-unattached-ebs-are-deleted
Description: Ensure that unattached EBS (Elastic Block Store) volumes are encrypted.
Resource Type: EBS Volume

Security Policy: aws-lambda-version-latest-not-custom
Description: Ensure that AWS Lambda version is $LATEST and not a custom version.
Resource Type: AWS Lambda Function

Security Policy: a-sagemaker-direct-internet-access
Description: Ensure that Amazon SageMaker Notebook Instances do not have direct internet access.
Resource Type: Amazon SageMaker Notebook Instance

Security Policy: iam-45-days-unused-keys
Description: Ensure that access keys are disabled or deleted if they remain unused for 45 days.
Resource Type: IAM User

Security Policy: a-secret-manager-no-aws-default-kmsKey-used-check
Description: Ensure that no AWS default K
